Clarify install of docker (#7678)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/hassio/installation.markdown

 - ca-certificates
 - curl
 - dbus
 - jq
 - network-manager
 - socat
 - software-properties-common

> You also need to have Docker-CE installed. There is well-documented procedures for installing Docker on Ubuntu at [Docker.com](https://docs.docker.com/install/linux/docker-ce/ubuntu/).

Reviewer: This could confuse some users (to think that only ubuntu are supported)
```suggestion
You also need to have Docker-CE installed. There are well-documented procedures for installing Docker at [Docker.com](https://docs.docker.com/install/), you can find installation steps for your distro in the menu on the left.
```
I suggest changing the link to be more generic.

Reviewer 2: agreed, correcting...
